# making the pulling down gesture to indicate fucking someone

The other exchange students didn't seem to appreciate P.P. Hero's collection of
educational DVDs, displayed on shelves rising behind his living room staircase.
Brent made his way up the stairs, looking thoughtfully at the titles on the
jewel cases.

The exchange students sat in small groups in the living room below, dipping
squid, cabbage and prawns into portable hot pots. At the top of the stairs Brent
turned into the kitchen, his eyes aching in the comparative darkness.

"You have so many DVDs," said Brent, when he found Hero near the refrigerator.
"How do you say 'DVD' in Mandarin?"

Hero shrugged. "DVD," he said.

"How many have you watched?"

"Most," said Hero, opening his fridge. "I make time to relax and learn."

Hero studied the inside of the fridge, his expressive face clearly showing that
he'd forgotten what he was looking for.

"Ah, so," he said, selecting a taro root. He cut it up on the jet black counter
and then swept the slices into his hand.

"I'll introduce you to my dog," said Hero.

Brent followed Hero into a dark room adjacent to the kitchen.

"Here she is. Helsa."

A yellow lab wagged its tail quietly at Hero and Brent. Hero kneeled on a pillow
besides the dog's bed and let the dog eat the taro out of his hand.

---

"Your host mother asked me to meet with you," said Hero. Brent and Hero were
eating at a French-themed restaurant in the quiet area south of Zhongxiao East.

"Thanks for taking me out to dinner," said Brent. Hero nodded.

"There are issues with your lateness to school," said Hero, slurping his French
Onion soup.

Brent felt annoyed because he wanted Hero to be different. At the exchange
student orientation, Hero had spoken with gravity, looking like a movie
character with his thick glasses and weird structured shirt.

Brent said that he needed to write his college application essays, that he
was going to apply for a special scholarship.

"Nevertheless, your teachers and fellow students feel disrespected," said Hero.

"I'm sorry about that," said Brent, "but those essays are important."

Hero looked at Brent thoughtfully as the waiter poured a glass of wine.

"You are being very foolish, I think," said Hero finally. "Why are you here?"

Brent was suddenly very aware of his body, staring at Hero's wine glass.

"I want to learn Mandarin," said Brent. He repeated himself in Mandarin.

"I'll help you," said Hero.

---

Early in December, Hero invited Brent to a health club on the top floor of the
Fuxing Sogo department store. Children were running around the lobby, each
holding a craft project made from card stock and evergreen boughs.

The pool was surprisingly large and cold. After a short swim, Brent joined Hero
in the long, narrow steam room, empty except for two grey-haired men speaking
German.

Brent sat down next to Hero. He had a wet towel over his eyes.

"How do you feel about this building?" asked Hero.

"I feel it's strange," said Brent, in Mandarin. "I feel far away."

Hero removed the towel from his face and wiped a circle on the tall window
between them, revealing the grey sky outside.

"I worked on this building in the early nineties."

"Wow."

Hero pointed out a sub-roof, still far above the dense streets below. "I
designed the horizontal beams over that gap, twelve stories high," said Hero,
switching to English. "They are wide enough to walk across."

"I see," said Brent.

---

Brent followed Hero out of the steam room. They entered a blue-tiled room of
baths, some cold and some hot.

Hero grabbed a pot of gritty soap and a sponge and pointed to a vaulted chamber.
He turned on a heavy flow of water with a faucet overhead.

"Here, I'll give you a scrub. Very good for your skin."

Brent stood, tense, under the lukewarm water as Hero scrubbed at his back and
neck.

Hero reached under Brent's swim trunks and grabbed his groin, his fingers
touching Brent's balls. Brent didn't move or say anything, thinking of pushing
Hero away, someone slipping. After about fifteen seconds Hero pulled his hand
out and gave Brent's legs a quick sponge.

"Now let's get in the cold water. Last step," said Hero.

Brent turned around and walked directly into the waist-deep pool, which was
shockingly cold. He sat down in it. There were a few other men.

Brent thought about cultural differences, wondering if he was interpreting the
moment correctly.

"Fresh water. Hard to find freshwater pool, with no chlorine," said Hero, in
English.

"After getting dressed, let's get hamburgers, okay?" continued Hero, in Mandarin
again.

"Sounds good," said Brent.

---

"You're learning a lot from Past President Hero," said Brent's host mother,
gesturing with a snail shell. "How to play chess, how to be a gentleman." She
punched Hero's arm.  They were old friends.

They were eating at the Sheridan hotel.  Hero had invited Brent to stay at his
home during winter break, while he was travelling in Canada for a project. Hero
needed someone to watch his dog, and Brent needed a quiet place to finish his
college application essays.

---

Brent took the long Metro Rapid Transit ride to the edge of the city, and then
walked up a winding road bordered by tufted grass. It was drizzling.

It was refreshing to wake up in Hero's home. The winter sun had warmed the
wooden floors of the guest bedroom, inviting Brent to get out of bed.

Brent ate breakfast sitting beneath one of the pieces of calligraphy that Hero
had helped him read and understand.

He procrastinated by sitting in the dark laundry room, petting Helsa.

When it got dark, Brent tried to use some of Hero's fancy ingredients to make
dinner. The pasta ended up being too salty. The pot lay unwashed in the
soapstone sink until he realized that Helsa would happily lick it clean.

auntie

---

The days leading up to the new year passed quickly. It was almost 2010, the
beginning of his decade. In 2020 he'd be twenty-seven, his character would be
more or less set.

He watched educational films about important construction projects in Taiwan's
past, including the Xueshan tunnel project where twenty-five people died over
the course of fifteen years of construction.

---

At six PM on New Year's Eve Brent stopped working and messaged Emilio, an
exchange student from Mexico, to invite him to hang out at Hero's house. Brent
told him it'd be a good place to watch the fireworks, situated above the city,
and that he should invite the Brazilians.

Brent paced back and forth, waiting for a response. He was worried that the :

---

Around ten PM, a large group of exchange students arrived at the front door.
It was a much larger group than Brent had expected.

Everyone was excited to have Hero's house for the night, and they congratulated
Brent.

"It's because your Mandarin is so good," said Emilio.

Liquor was set out in the living room. They tried a yellowish bottle in which
hornets were suspended, while two Brazilian engineering students figured out the
sound system. Once they got the music working, the girls started dancing.

Brent sat in a leather chair under a lamp with a long metal neck. He felt
accomplished, watching everyone talking and dancing happily. He could see
fireworks shooting off Taipei 101, tiny grains of light in the distance.

After midnight they ended up in a windowless room in the basement where the
floor was covered with Tatami mats and cushions, listening to reggaeton.  Brent
sat up against the wall talking with a girl from Columbia, watching Emilio and
Joshua give the two Brazilian girls back rubs. This went on for a long time. The
orgiastic intensity made Brent uncomfortable. He was reminded of teaching some
family friends how to masturbate back when he was eleven, across the inky
darkness of a room above a boathouse in Muskoka, Canada.

---

In the morning, Brent went into the laundry room to feed Helsa. he other
exchange students walk down the road towards the MRT station in the mist.

"Oh shit," he said.

Helsa was dead. Brent touched her bony joints with morbid fascination. Her
body was no longer warm.

He texted Hero that Helsa was dead. Brent barely understood how to use his phone,
it was on loan from another friend of his host mother's.

Hero responded almost immediately with an apology, and then an address, telling
him that it was a vet where Brent could bring the body.

What a situation, thought Brent.

---

A few hours later, Brent set off down Hero's driveway carrying a luxury duffel
bag containing Helsa's body. He had wrapped up the body in a garbage bag first,
worried about the possibility of the dog's bowels leaking.

It was only about a mile to the MRT station, but Brent realized it was going to
be a struggle to make it there with the bag knocking up against his thighs.

He was starting to think about hitchhiking when a blue, three-wheeled truck
pulled over next to him.

"Where're you going?" the driver shouted out the window, showing a mouth of
reddened teeth.

"Songshan MRT station," said Brent.

"I'll take you!" said the driver.

Leaving the engine running, the driver got out and helped Brent lift the duffel
bag over the truck's tailgate.

"Pretty heavy! What's in it?"

"Gifts," said Brent, getting into the passenger seat. The cab of the truck was
full of discarded styrofoam packaging. Brent suddenly felt optimistic, like he'd
get his essays done easily.

"I was visiting family," continued Brent, as the driver rapidly pulled back onto
the road.

"Impressive!" said the driver. "Are you Christian?"

"My family is Christian, myself, I'm not sure."

They quickly arrived at Songshan station, nestled into the base of the mountain.

"We're here!" said the driver, pulling into the empty bus lane. He started to
roll a cigarette. Brent got out of the car, looking up to see if a train was
coming.

"One second," said the driver around the cigarette, and then quickly closed the
passenger door and stepped on the gas, the two-stroke engine whining.

Just before the truck turned around the corner, Brent thought to look for a
license plate. There wasn't one.

He heard the quiet rush of an approaching train overhead.
