# Romantic

Alex spoke with P.P. Hero in the kitchen of his home, at an event for the
exchange students of the district.

"You have so many DVDs," said Alex. "How do you say 'DVD' in Mandarin?"

Hero shrugged. "DVD," he said.

Alex had noticed all six seasons of "Megastructures" behind a glass case in his
living room.  The living room was full of teenagers from the industrial nations
of the world, sitting in small groups around portable hotpots, dipping squid,
cabbage and tofu into the boiling red water.

"How many have you watched?"

"Most," said Hero, smiling and opening his fridge. "I make time to relax and
learn."

Hero studied the inside of the fridge, his expressive face clearly indicating
that he'd forgotten what he was looking for.

"Ah, so," he said, selecting a taro root. He cut it up on the jet black counter
and then swept the slices into his hand.

"I'll introduce you to my dog," said Hero.

Alex followed Hero into a dark room adjacent to the kitchen.

"Here she is."

A yellow lab wagged its tail quietly at Hero and Alex. Hero kneeled on a pillow
besides the dog's bed and let the dog eat the taro out of his hand.

"What's her name?"

"Daisy," said Hero.

After a period of silence, Alex excused himself and returned to the living room.
As soon as he entered, Emilio draped his arm over his shoulder.

"Let's do a picture," said Emilio, gesturing towards the windows overlooking
Taipei.

Alex found a spot among the students and prepared to smile.

Hero's home was like a jewelry case, but cool and wet, smelling slightly of
sulphur, from the dark stone underlying the hills of Yangmingshan.

Emilio took the picture. The group crowded around Emilio's camera.

"Oh no, another one, another one," said Emilio.  He turned to Alex.

"Your nose, it looks like a boner on your face."

---

"P.P. Sunshine requested that I meet with you," said Hero.

"Yes, I understand," said Alex.

"There are issues with your lateness to school."

They were eating at a French-themed restaurant. Alex told Hero that his lateness
and other problems were caused by his college essays, and that it'd get better
once he finished. Hero didn't seem moved.

"That doesn't change the fact that your teacher feel disrespected," said Hero.

face stuck to desk

a sort of movie character with his glasses and suit
Alex was unable to understand the interactions between the Rotary members and
seemed mostly unconcerned

Hero slurped at his French onion soup. Alex felt annoyed with him. The first
time Alex heard Hero speak at the orientation event for the exchange students,
he knew Hero was special somehow. He'd felt shivers as Hero welcomed the
students to Taiwan and talked about their monthly allowance, because he knew
Hero was speaking from a place that addressed the experience of being young in a
strange new city.

"How do you say 'respect' in Mandarin?"
Alex talked about the programs that he wanted to get into.

It's language that they connect about.

Ashamed of his essay.

"What are you doing here? If there is no reason for you to be here, I recommend
that you go home."

"I don't have many projects currently."

---

In the beginning of December, Hero invited Alex to a health club on the top
floor of the Fuxing Sogo department store. Children were waiting for their
parents in the lobby, each with a disintegrating Christmas craft made from
evergreen boughs and pasta.

The pool was surprisingly large and cold. After swimming Alex went to the stream
room, a long room with tall windows. Hero was there, with a wet towel over his
eyes. Two grey-haired men were speaking in German.

Alex sat down next to Hero.

"What do you feel about this building?" asked Hero.

"I feel it's strange," said Alex, in Mandarin. "I feel far away from my home."

"I worked on this building in the early nineties."

Hero removed the towel from his eyes and used it to wipe a circle on the window
between them. Alex could now see the overcast sky and dense streets twenty
stories below.

"I designed the horizontal beams over the gap, twelve stories high," said Hero,
switching to English and pointing out a moulding below.  "They are wide enough
to walk across. No one will walk across, but people will imagine."

"Important," said Alex.

Hero asked Alex how his college essays were going, and Alex told him that he
really just wanted to keep learning Mandarin, maybe in Beijing. It was
distasteful to think about going back to study Communications in the United
States, so that he could work at a Media company someday.

Hero didn't say much.

"Why did you study architecture?" asked Alex.

"Being an architect is romantic," said Hero.



"That's one of the most important things about a good building. It should make
you feel like there's enough time."

He missed so much: late for the New Year's trip to South Taiwan. He had
wandered around Taipei train station for hours.


Alex didn't want to seem desperate, lonely in this beautiful house.

Alex tried to use some of the Ryan's fancy ingredients. The pasta ended up being
too salty. The pot lay unwashed in the soapstone sink until he realized that
Daisy would happily lick it clean.

Alex sat in a leather chair under a lamp with a long metal neck. He felt
accomplished.
