# making the pulling down gesture to indicate fucking someone

Early in December, P.P. Hero invited Brent to a health club on the top floor of
the Fuxing Sogo department store. Children were waiting impatiently in the
lobby, each holding a craft project made from paper and evergreen boughs.

The pool was surprisingly large and cold. After a short swim, Brent joined Hero
in the long, narrow steam room, empty except for two grey-haired men speaking in
German.

Brent sat down next to Hero. He had a wet towel over his eyes.

"What do you feel about this building?" asked Hero.

"I feel it's strange," said Brent, in Mandarin. "I feel far away from my home."

Hero removed the towel from his face and wiped a circle on the tall window
between them, revealing the overcast sky outside.

"I worked on this building in the early nineties. When you were a boy."

"Wow."

Hero pointed out a sub-roof, far above the dense streets below. "I designed the
horizontal beams over that gap, twelve stories high," said Hero, switching to
English. "They are wide enough to walk across."

"I see," said Brent.

---

Brent followed Hero out of the steam room, his skin suddenly clammy. They
entered a blue-tiled room of baths, some cold and some hot.

Hero grabbed a pot of gritty soap and a sponge and pointed to a vaulted chamber.
He turned on a heavy flow of water with a faucet overhead.

"Here, I'll give you a scrub. Very good for your skin."

Brent stood, tense, under the lukewarm water as Hero scrubbed at his back and
neck.

Hero reached under Brent's swim trunks and grabbed his groin, his fingers
touching Brent's balls. Brent didn't move or say anything, thinking of pushing
Hero away, someone slipping. After about fifteen seconds Hero pulled his hand
out and gave Brent's legs a quick sponge.

"Now let's get in the cold water. Last step," said Hero.

Brent turned around and walked directly into the waist-deep pool, which was
shockingly cold. He sat down in it. There were a few other men.

Brent thought about cultural differences, wondering if he was interpreting the
moment correctly.

"Fresh water. Hard to find freshwater pool, with no chlorine," said Hero, in
English. Brent always got a bit annoyed when Hero used English.

"After getting dressed, let's get hamburgers, okay?" said Hero, in Mandarin
again.

"Absolutely," said Brent.

---

A few weeks later, Brent got lunch with his host mother and Hero at the Sheridan
hotel. Hero had invited Brent to stay at his home during winter break, while he
was travelling in Canada for a project. Hero needed someone to watch his dog,
and Brent needed a quiet place to finish his college application essays.

"You're learning a lot from Hero," said Brent's host mother, gesturing with a
snail shell. "How to play chess, how to be a gentleman." She punched Hero's arm.
They were old friends.

Back in September, Brent's host mother had arranged the initial meeting between
Hero and Brent, because Brent was in trouble for often being late to school.

When they met at a French-themed restaurant, Brent felt annoyed with Hero as he
slurped French Onion soup and insisted that Brent must respect his teachers,
regardless of his other interests. Brent was annoyed because he had hoped that
Hero would be different: when Hero had spoken at the Rotary exchange student
orientation, Brent had been drawn to his mannerisms and appearance, how he had
looked like a movie character with his designer glasses and shirt.

---

Brent took the long MRT ride to the edge of the city, and then walked up a road
bordered by tufted grass. It was drizzling.

It wasn't Brent's first time at Hero's home. In August, Hero had held a
reception for the exchange students, where they sat in small groups in his
living room, dipping squid, cabbage and tofu into portable hotpots. On that
night Hero's home was like a jewelry case, but cool and wet, smelling faintly of
sulphur from the dark stone underlying the hills of Yangmingshan.

Brent said hello to Hero and his wife, and then went to put his stuff in the
guest bedroom.

"You have so many DVDs," said Brent, when he found Hero in the kitchen. "How do
you say 'DVD' in Mandarin?"

Hero shrugged. "DVD," he said.

Brent had noticed all six seasons of "Megastructures" behind a glass case in his
room.

"How many have you watched?"

"Most," said Hero, smiling and opening his fridge. "I make time to relax and
learn."

Hero studied the inside of the fridge, his expressive face clearly indicating
that he'd forgotten what he was looking for.

"Ah, so," he said, selecting a taro root. He cut it up on the jet black counter
and then swept the slices into his hand.

"I'll show you how to feed Helsa," said Hero.

Brent followed Hero into a dark room adjacent to the kitchen.

"Here she is."

A yellow lab wagged its tail quietly at Hero and Brent. Hero kneeled on a pillow
besides the dog's bed and let the dog eat the taro out of his hand.

---

It was a refreshing, almost magical experience waking up in Hero's home. The
winter sun had warmed the wooden floors of the guest bedroom, inviting Brent to
get out of bed.

Brent ate breakfast sitting beneath one of the pieces of calligraphy that Hero
had helped him read and understand. The task of finishing his essays lay ahead
of him.

Brent tried to use some of Hero's fancy ingredients. The pasta ended up being
too salty. The pot lay unwashed in the soapstone sink until he realized that
Helsa would happily lick it clean.

---

Caring about rooms and light, or having conversations about his interests.


What is the character of "Brent"?

---


Brent sat in a leather chair under a lamp with a long metal neck. He felt
accomplished.

It was his decade. In 2020 he'd be 27. His character would be more or less set.
He had ten years to become something and it was starting.

Brent could see fireworks shooting off Taipei 101, tiny grains of light at the
distance.

They ended up in a windowless room in the basement where the floor was covered
with Tatami mats, listening to reggaeton. The smell of sulphur was stronger
here. Brent set up against the wall talking with a girl from Columbia, watching
Emilio and Hivera give the two Brazilian girls back rubs. This went on for a
long time. The orgiastic intensity, without any sex, made Alex uncomfortable. He
was reminded of teaching some family friends how to masturbate back when he was
eleven, across the inky darkness of a boathouse bedroom in Muskoka, Canada.

---

In the morning, Brent went into the laundry room to feed Helsa, hungover and
happy. Helsa was dead. Brent touched her bony joints with morbid fascination. Her
body was no longer warm.

He texted Hero that Helsa was dead. Brent barely understood how to use his phone,
it was on loan from another friend of his host mother's.

Hero responded almost immediately with an apology. Brent wrote that Helsa was
very peaceful.

Hero sent Brent an address, telling him that it was a vet that Brent could bring
the body to.

What a situation, thought Brent. He sent Paula an email.

---

A few hours later, Brent set off down Hero's driveway carrying a luxury duffel
bag containing Helsa's body. He had wrapped up the body in a garbage bag first,
worried about the possiblity of the dog's bowels leaking.

It was only about a mile to the MRT station. The feeling of the bag knocking up
against Brent's thighs was still unpleasant.

It was New Year's Day. Brent was surprised by the scent of a Christmas tree,
lying by the side of the road.

He was starting to think about hitchhiking when a blue, three-wheeled truck
pulled over in front of him.

"Where're you going?" the driver shouted out of the window, showing a mouth of
reddened teeth.

"Songshan MRT station," said Brent.

"I'll take you!" said the driver.

Leaving the engine running, the driver got out and helped Brent lift the duffel
bag over the truck's tailgate.

"Pretty heavy! What's in it?"

"Gifts," said Brent, getting into the passenger seat. The cab of the truck was
full of discarded styrofoam packaging. Brent suddenly felt optimistic.

"I was visiting family," continued Brent, as the driver pulled back onto the road
rapidly.

"Impressive!" said the driver. "Are you Christian?"

"My family is Christian, myself, I'm not sure."

They quickly arrived at Songshan station, nestled into the base of the mountain.

"We're here!" said the driver, pulling into the empty bus lane. He started to
roll a cigarette. Brent got out of the car, looking up at the tracks to see if a
train was coming.

"One second," said the driver, and then quickly closed the passenger door and
stepped on the gas, the two-stroke engine of the small truck whining.

Just before the truck turned around the corner, Brent thought to look for a
license plate. There wasn't one. For a moment Brent wondered if the driver had
simply forgotten about the large duffel bag in the back of his truck.
